[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> One of the interesting
subtexts of the UFO subject is
this idea, this question is, are
there beings who look just like
us who are walking among us, but
they're not us, they're alien?
Over the years I've
encountered a number
of individuals who've told
me personal stories that
are kind of amazing.
And I can't prove
one way or another
whether these are true stories
or accurately recalled.
But I will say that
in a few of the cases,
the people struck me as very--
extremely meticulous,
reliable, and I
guess I have to say
that I believe them.
So I'll recount two of
them here and they're
two that have really
stayed with me.
One I was in Western
Pennsylvania,
and I was at an event where
a woman and her husband
approached me.
And this particular woman was
I would say about 60 years old
at the time, and
she was recounting
to me something that happened
to her back in the year 1965,
when she would have been
about 15 years of age.
So back in her part of
Pennsylvania, in her small town
as she said, everyone
knew everyone.
It wasn't a large town.
And everyone knew everyone,
especially in church,
which is where she was on
this one particular Sunday
morning with her mother.
So she's in Sunday
Catholic mass,
and she's sitting down in
a row with her mother, next
to her mom.
And she said sitting
down in front of her
was this absolutely, stunningly
beautiful blond couple, male
and female, wearing the most--
she said perfect blue
clothing that she
could have ever imagined.
They sat down and she seems
to have been kind of awestruck
by them, frankly,
and she's looking
at their clothing,
which she just
thought was the most incredible
fabric she had ever seen.
She's really fixated
on all of this.
And, as the mass
is going on, she's
noticing that this
couple really did not
fit in with the rest
of the community.
In a Catholic mass, which
I grew up in as well,
there are certain
things that you just
know to do-- when to
sit, when to kneel,
when to make the sign of
the cross, and so forth.
And this couple didn't seem
to have all of those details
down very well.
And this young woman
is noticing that.
And she's also noticing
something even more bizarre.
She's noticing that
she seems to be
the only person in this
church that's even really
aware of this couple.
And that's striking to
her because this couple,
as she described it, were
just absolutely movie
star beautiful good
looks, both of them.
And she just kept thinking,
why does no one else
notice these two?
They've never been here before,
they're incredibly beautiful,
they don't fit in, they're
obviously not from around here,
and no one's looking at them.
This struck her as a very
bizarre thing indeed.
So as she's thinking about
all of this, the woman
all these years later
says to me, that's
when I heard them in my mind.
I asked her, well,
what do you mean?
And she said, well, this
is exactly what happened.
I heard them, one of them
thinking to the other,
well, it appears that we're
fitting in rather well here.
I said, really,
that's what you heard?
She said, yes, pretty much.
That's what the message was
that I heard in my mind.
And she couldn't tell if it
was from the man or the woman.
But then she heard
a second message,
which was, yes, except for
the girl behind us who's
able to hear us.
At that point, this
young girl, probably
her eyebrows I'm imagining
went up into her forehead,
she was probably quite
surprised by that.
That was the last thing that she
heard from them telepathically.
And you might imagine if this
is a real telepathic thing,
maybe they just
figured out a way
to shut it down so that she
couldn't hear them anymore.
The mass continues,
it goes on to the end,
and at the very end of
the services, this couple,
they're sitting around in
the middle of the church,
they get up very quickly
and they are gone.
They're walking
through the crowd
very quickly to get out of
that church and to leave.
So here's the moment of destiny.
This girl decides, I'm
going to follow them.
And I just love
hearing this from her
because it was almost
humorous the way she told me.
She gets up and she
starts through the crowd,
hearing her mother calling
after her, young lady,
get back here, where do
you think you're going?
Because, as we all know,
parents are usually
utterly oblivious to the
drama that their children are
going through.
She's working her way
through the crowd trying
to catch up to this beautiful
blond, Nordic, supermodel
couple that she could
hear telepathically.
They go out the front
door and they're
going across this parking
lot, and she gets out
and she sees them.
And past the parking lot,
there's a little hill,
like a grassy hill, and
they go down that hill.
So she hustles as fast as she
can across the parking lot.
She's looking for them.
She gets up to the
hill and she sees them.
They've gone down this hill.
And there's like a lower area
and there's a wooded area
that they're walking
towards, she sees them.
So she immediately goes,
starts going down the hill,
and then she stops.
She stops dead in her
tracks because she
sees a third person.
At the woods she sees him and
at this point she said to me,
you remember the character Lurch
from "The Addams Family" TV
show?
I said, oh yes.
She said, he looked
just like that guy.
So he was tall, kind of
scary, kind of creepy looking,
black suit, like a man in black.
That's really, that
was her description.
He had a black hat,
black suit, apparently
some kind of white shirt,
and he was very, very tall.
That intimidated her enough
that she just decided
I'm going to stop right here.
And she watched this
beautiful blond couple walk up
to the tall man in
black, into the woods.
He turned around, he
walked into the woods,
and that was the
end of her story.
She never got any closure on it.
There's no UFO sightings here.
There's no landed craft.
There's nothing like that.
There's just this
utterly bizarre story
of this mysterious
blond couple that
didn't belong in that
church, but there they
were with a
telepathic connection
that she insisted was
real, and which puzzled her
for the rest of her life.
Now that story is
interesting enough.
But then I ran into
a husband and wife
who gave me another story
from the opposite side
of the country that struck
me as remarkably similar.
In Las Vegas, I met with a
retired United States Air Force
Colonel, a man with
a PhD, and his wife.
And this particular man had done
a great deal of classified work
on some very exotic projects.
This is also a man with a
very strong and interesting
background in the
subject of UFOs,
and that includes professionally
in his time in the Air Force.
But the interesting
story here has
to do with a personal encounter
that this man and his wife
and another friend of theirs
had while they were just
having some fun downtime at
a Las Vegas casino hotel.
Here's the story.
The three of them are
out walking around
on the second floor of a
major Las Vegas casino hotel,
and they are walking together,
and the friend of theirs,
who the colonel said
to me was psychic,
some kind of psychic friend of
theirs, grabs him by the arm
and said, stop.
That woman over
there is not human.
And they all look
in the direction
of this very
beautiful, blond woman
who's wearing a very
beautiful, blue outfit.
Now of course, it's
Las Vegas and there's
a lot of beautiful
people in Las Vegas.
So that by itself is not
particularly unusual.
Even so, the woman and
the man's wife got nervous
and they both went down
an escalator to get away.
Colonel lingered for
a moment and he's
looking in the direction
of this woman, who's
maybe 30 feet away from him.
And she's turned away
from him, but then she
turns slightly toward him.
And at this point
the colonel said
to me, that's when I
heard her in my mind.
And what he heard in
his mind was something
like, go about your business,
there's nothing to see here,
there's nothing here
for you, just leave,
or something like that.
It was startling to him.
He thought, wait, what
just happened here?
At that moment, this
woman was joined
by a equally beautiful man,
blond, in blue clothing,
who comes up to her
and he joins her.
Now, again, I keep thinking
to myself, this is Las Vegas.
This is what you
see in Las Vegas.
Maybe they're acrobats
of some sort, who knows?
But according to
the colonel, they're
conferring with
each other and then
they begin to walk toward the
escalator where he is standing.
And he thinks,
great, perfect, I'm
going to talk to these people.
I'm going to say something.
I don't know what
it's going to be,
but I'm going to say
something to them.
And they come up to the
escalator where he is
and instead of this
colonel saying anything,
he says absolutely nothing.
They get on the
escalator and they
begin going down the stairs.
So he gets behind
them on the escalator
and he's following them.
And he's, again, he is
hearing them in his mind.
Now at this point he's
telling me the story
and I said, well,
stop right there.
Like how certain
are you that you're
hearing them in your mind as
opposed to them just talking?
He said, fair question.
He says, I'm completely certain.
I heard them in my mind.
They were not talking.
But I heard them thinking.
And what they were thinking,
according to this colonel,
was, yes, he can hear
us, yes, he's aware,
no worries about him,
he's not important.
And the colonel believed
he had heard the thought,
he's not part of the program.
So they're going
down the escalator.
And incidentally, at
this point in the story,
the colonel's wife interjected
and said, oh my goodness, I
remember this so well.
My friend and I
were so afraid, we
were hiding behind a
slot machine peeking out
like this, looking at them
all coming down the escalator.
So this part of the story ends
where the couple gets down
to the bottom and instead of
anyone talking to them at all,
they just go about their
way and they're gone.
But the story is not over here.
So the three of them,
the colonel, his wife,
and their friend, are talking
about this experience.
And the colonel is
saying, I could hear them,
I could hear them in my mind.
And so the psychic
friend also turned out
to be a hypnotherapist.
And this friend says,
well, you know what?
We can try to do maybe
a regression of you
and maybe you'll
be able to remember
these thoughts and
this whole scenario
even with greater clarity.
And the colonel says, you
know, that's a good idea.
We'll do that.
So a few days later, he's
at the home of their friend
and she's about to regress him.
Now she apparently lived in
a very quiet neighborhood,
a cul-de-sac where there's not
a lot of traffic or activity
going on.
So as he's lying
down or sitting down,
he's getting into his kind of
regressed state, as it were.
They begin hearing
construction noise
outside the house, jackhammers
and machinery and motors.
And they go out to look and
they can't see anything.
This happens several times.
Every time she's
about to regress him,
they hear loud
machinery and noise.
And they give up.
The colonel says, look, this
is obviously not going to work.
How about I'll be back
in town in about a month
and we can give it a try then?
And she says, sounds good.
Good plan.
A month goes by and
he's about to visit her,
so he calls her on
the phone and says,
hey, I'm going to
be in town soon,
how about we set up an
appointment so that I
can do a regression with you?
Her response is, what
are you talking about?
What regression?
And he says, you
know, from last month
when we had our
experience in the casino
with that blond couple.
Her answer is,
what blond couple?
What are you talking about?
And it occurred to the colonel
in talking with his friend
that she had no memory
of that entire encounter.
So in the space of a
month, it is as if someone,
something wiped her memory
of the entire incident.
And he never did get that
regression from this person.
That's the entire story from
the colonel and his wife.
Now I'll just simply say there
are a number of other stories
that are comparable
to these two.
And by the way, in many of
them, the strange couples
or the strange people are not
all blond, Nordic, supermodel
types.
They're not all like that.
Some are, but others are not.
I had a conversation
with an individual who
lived in the town of
Thunder Bay in Canada
on the north shore of
Lake Superior, who told me
of a very, very tall
man who she apparently
had a very similar kind
of telepathic encounter
with very briefly
before he walked away.
And there are a number
of these other stories.
The UK author/researcher
Timothy Good
has told of his
apparent encounter
with someone who had this
type of telepathic ability
that he ended up believing
was probably not one of us.
These stories are out there.
There's more than
one would imagine.
And the question is, when
you get a story coming to you
like that, when I get
a story coming to me
is, what do you do
with a story like that?
What do you do with that?
You can't really--
there's no way
of measuring the truth
or falsity of that other
than just you get the story
and you do your best to assess
the person telling it to you.
In the case of the woman and the
man from Western Pennsylvania,
I had a very good
sense about them.
feeling about them,
particularly the woman who
was telling me this story.
They seemed like
good, honest people.
And in the case of the
colonel and his wife,
I would say the same.
These were good people who
are intelligent and honest.
And that's all that
you have to go on.
They've got these
incredible stories
of people who don't make
sense in our society.
So are they examples
of beings who
are not from our civilization,
but who look like us
and who are walking among us?
Well, I would say that it would
be very premature to say no.
And it could very well be that
the answer to that is yes.
[MUSIC PLAYING]